README.md, before:

## Things To Install On Every Computer
These are the applications, CLIs, and packages that I install on every computer. For work and for personal life, I use a Macbook Pro. That said, I'm waiting for the day when I can sensibly switch back to a less overpriced computer :)

**General Applications**:
- [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/): Takes the blue light out of your display when it gets dark. Without this, eternal headaches.
- [Slack Desktop](https://slack.com/is): My favorite platform of work communications.
- [Polymail](https://polymail.io/): The best way to productively handle email. Also beautiful.
- [Evernote](https://evernote.com/): My current goto for note-taking on mobile and desktop.
- [Spectacle](https://www.spectacleapp.com/): Quick way to resize and reposition windows with your keyboard. 
- [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/): I think this is the easiest way to start a Postgres server.
- [Caffeine](https://caffeine.en.softonic.com/mac): Stop your computer from going to sleep while it's doing important stuff.
- [Google Chrome](): My daily driver, but I also install the other major web browsers for testing.

**Applications For Writing Code**:
- [Sublime Text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/3): My favorite text editor to use for programming, but [Atom](https://atom.io/) is pretty cool too.
- [iTerm](https://www.iterm2.com/): My favorite terminal because I like the typeface.

**Command Line Interfaces**:
- [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- [Node & npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip)
- [Virtualenvwrapper](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/)
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [jsonlint](https://github.com/zaach/jsonlint)

**Sublime Packages**:
- [JSON Reindent](https://github.com/ThomasKliszowski/json_reindent)
- [Babel-Sublime](https://github.com/babel/babel-sublime)

Commit message:

Adds Alfred and fixes some nits.

README.md, after:

## Things To Install On Every Computer
These are the applications, CLIs, and packages that I install on every computer. For work and for personal life, I use a Macbook Pro. That said, I'm waiting for the day when I can sensibly switch back to a less overpriced computer :)

**General Applications**:
- [f.lux](https://justgetflux.com/): Takes the blue light out of your display when it gets dark. Without this, eternal headaches.
- [Slack Desktop](https://slack.com/is): My favorite platform of work communications.
- [Polymail](https://polymail.io/): The best way to productively handle email. Also beautiful.
- [Evernote](https://evernote.com/): My current goto for note-taking on mobile and desktop.
- [Spectacle](https://www.spectacleapp.com/): Quick way to resize and reposition windows with your keyboard. 
- [Caffeine](https://caffeine.en.softonic.com/mac): Stop your computer from going to sleep while it's doing important stuff.
- [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/): Essentially a better version of Spotlight on Mac.
- [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html): My daily driver, but I also install the other major web browsers for testing.

**Applications For Writing Code**:
- [Sublime Text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/3): My favorite text editor to use for programming, but [Atom](https://atom.io/) is pretty cool too.
- [iTerm](https://www.iterm2.com/): My favorite terminal because I like the typeface.
- [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/): I think this is the easiest way to start a Postgres server.

**Command Line Interfaces**:
- [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- [Node & npm](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Pip](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip)
- [Virtualenvwrapper](https://virtualenvwrapper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- [MongoDB](https://docs.mongodb.com/)
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [jsonlint](https://github.com/zaach/jsonlint)

**Sublime Packages**:
- [JSON Reindent](https://github.com/ThomasKliszowski/json_reindent)
- [Babel-Sublime](https://github.com/babel/babel-sublime)
